[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Okay so
we're gonna say ShowCard
.propTypes = show: React.PropTypes.
This is my biggest pet peeve with
React is this one's lower case.
This one's upper case and you just
have to remember that and I hate it.
But that's how it is so #DealWithIt.
>> Speaker 2: Is it supposed
to be ShowCard?
>> Brian Holt: Yes.
React.propTypes, where I'm I?
object, okay, so
what this is bit this is giving
React a little helper to
help you debug it right.
So you're basically telling hey React,
you're going to getting something called
show in your props and if it's not
an object, I need you to blow up,
not blow up but actually just gives you
a warning in the console like hey you said
this was going to be an object and
it was definitely a boolean so
you might have a bug going on here.
>> Speaker 3: Is there reason we're not
doing this in showcard.jsx?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
I’m sorry.
I'm totally in the wrong file.
I probably need a break
more than any of you.
>> All: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: Okay, sorry.
So we're gonna be in show card
>> Brian Holt: So
ShowCard, and you just stick it on here.
yeah, this is basically typing thing for
Reacts, right?
Now, you actually can't really have
a ShowCard without a show right?
That just doesn't make any sense like
this component falls apart if it does not
get a show.
So you can actually even go one
step further and say isRequired.
So if you leave off that, it's optional.
>> Brian Holt: And
if you put that on there,
then is going to say,
hey you said this is gonna be here and
it was not here, so I'm gonna yell at you.
Okay, so save that and now,
notice all of our linting errors,
no that's still getting linting errors.
>> Brian Holt: Right,
those go underneath, right.
Let me just make sure I always get
sure it's like should it go above or
go below.
>> Brian Holt: So there we go.
That works.
So that's what that's saying is like
our one of our standard rules for
standard React is that you must put
propType validations on everything and
it's going to save you bugs in the future,
I promise.
So it's a good habit to get into.
>> Brian Holt: So
if you refresh that, it doesn't
actually do anything for your program.
It doesn't make it any faster or
anything like that.
It just makes it a little
bit easier to debug.
In fact, what they suggest is, when
you're shipping this out to production,
actually go out back and
strip out your prop types.
Because there's no point in a user
getting all your prop types, right?
It doesn't help them at all.
Is gonna show you one more
thing before you broke.
And I'm gonna show what
the error looks like.
So, let's go to search.jsx.
What I'm gonna do here, you don't have to
do this I'm gonna show you what it looks
like and I'm just gonna put
a show card with nothing on it.
Save that like that will compile just fine
rather there's no issue with that, but
if we refresh here, it's gonna
give me a failed prop type right here
like hey you said this is required and
it's no longer there,
like what the hell is going on?
What's wrong with you?
Please give that to me in the future,
right?
And then like once it actually
tries to reference posters,
it's not there then the whole
thing crashes, right?
But this actually gives you,
this is kind of a amorphous error.
This is a pretty solid errors
like I expected this and
you didn't give it to me.
So that's why I think it's really cool.
Someone asked the astute question of,
I want to pass down the individual
properties rather than just like show
as an entire object and luckily,
we have some yes six magic that we can
do to make that really easy to do.
So, let's go over to our search.jsx.
So notice we're passing show
the entire object down.
Now you can actually go through
if you really want to and
say poster equals show.poster.
Title equals show.title, etc., etc.
That's a little, it's too much typing for
my lazy fingers, right?
Cuz it can end up being a lot.
So what you can actually do is
what's called the spread operator.
And you can say,
just .
And what this is gonna do is, it's gonna
take everything that you have right inside
of show, and
it's gonna spread it out, right?
So this would be the exact same
as saying show= for
every single thing inside of show.
But here, you're actually telling jsx.
This is not really a ES6 feature,
but it's mimicking what ES6 does.
And it just spreads it out over the entire
object so instead of so say that.
Come over here to ShowCard.
Instead of saying props.show.title,
now we could just say props.title
which is kind of nice right?
You're cutting all this additional
stuff out of the middle.
>> Speaker 5: What about your constraint
there at the bottom?
The show?
>> Brian Holt: This PropTypes?
We have to fix that or else it's going
to blow up which is also a positive
side benefit of this because now we
can actually put Prop types for each
individual and React to me that much more
helpful in helping us find bugs right.
Because [COUGH] let's say we
tapped passed on a show but for
whatever reason the show didn't
get the title attached to it.
Your prop types would not warn you about
that right cuz it's only looking for
show and if shows is there,
then it just says cool, I'm done, right?
But now if you don't pass down title,
it's going to blow up and
say hey you forgot title which is great.
So I'm gonna say title React.uppercase.
So, I don't know about you but I get
sick of doing racked up prop types for
every single thing so we can actually
even just do a little shortcut up here.
const.
We're gonna use string.
Actually they're all gonna be strings,
right.
Yep, they are all strings =
React.PropTypes and so
now we can say string description
is a string and year is a string.
Yes typically year would be a number but
just remember like it can,
it's like 2014 to 2017 or whatever.
That's why that’s still a string and
poster string.
These are all required as well.
So we can actually go after these and
say .isRequired
>> Brian Holt: Save that.
Any questions about that,
well we just did here?
>> Speaker 6: Yes the string in curly
brackets of on line 14,
that's taking the attributes
propTypes.
>> Brian Holt: It's the destructuring
that we'll use the exact same sort
of destruction that we saw before.
You can also do this as well.
const string = React.PropTypes.string,
right.
Same diff.
>> Speaker 7: So our key issue stayed
the same with this change?
>> Brian Holt: Yup.
>> Speaker 7: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So if you save,
I'll let people take a look at this
a sec before I address your question.
>> Brian Holt: So you must have got it.
So let's go and look at search real quick,
we'll also have the soft key there for
the same reason.
Okay, so let's refresh here.
>> Speaker 8: Is there a way.
So let's say you do want to pass
in one object as the props.
Is there a way to specify child
properties inside of that object?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah let's
look at the documentation
real quick react prop
types.
>> Brian Holt: I believe.
>> Brian Holt: Object of.
This is what you're gonna use?
No, shape.
That's what it is.
And that's gonna look inside of it then
you can just do nested shape as well.
There's also array of if you're
passing an array of something and
you wanna validated that an array
of strings that also works too.
Actually, we'll use
real a rail of later.
There's also any.
I don't see it anywhere in here.
Right there, any.
So if you're just going to
pass down something and
you don't actually really care what the
type is, you can do a react.prop type.any.
And that's going to say match
anything that comes in here.
But this will just make
sure that isRequired like
it's definitely gonna show up right.
For the most part,
you don't need to do that.
You can also make your
own custom prop types,
read about it on your own
time cuz I've never done it.
It's useful not useful for me to
explain to you if I've never done it.
Know that it exists though should you so
desire that.